com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemImageNewProductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemImageNewProductBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentMapBindingImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentMapBindingImpl
com/example/appsell/databinding/DialogInputStoreBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.DialogInputStoreBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentNewBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentNewBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/LoadingViewBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.LoadingViewBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemMenuProductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemMenuProductBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemSliderBindingImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemSliderBindingImpl
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemCommentBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemCommentBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentCartBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentCartBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentListProductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentListProductBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
com/example/appsell/databinding/DialogRemoveProrductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.DialogRemoveProrductBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentProductDetailBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentProductDetailBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentRegisterBindingImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentRegisterBindingImpl
com/example/appsell/BR.java
 com.example.appsell.BR
com/example/appsell/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.appsell.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/appsell/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/DialogInputStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.DialogInputStoreBindingImpl
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentOrderManagerBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentOrderManagerBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentZBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentZBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/DialogManagerHandleProductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.DialogManagerHandleProductBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentMapBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentMapBinding
com/example/appsell/utils/SharedPref.java
 com.example.appsell.utils.SharedPref
com/example/appsell/databinding/ProductFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ProductFragmentBinding
com/example/appsell/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.appsell.BuildConfig
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentInputCardBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentInputCardBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/LoadingViewBindingImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.LoadingViewBindingImpl
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentNewProductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentNewProductBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemSpinnerBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemSpinnerBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemLikeProductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemLikeProductBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/example/appsell/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/DialogPaymentBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.DialogPaymentBinding
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemSliderBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemSliderBinding
com/example/appsell/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.appsell.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.appsell.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.appsell.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemPurchaseBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemPurchaseBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/appsell/databinding/ItemProductBinding.java
 com.example.appsell.databinding.ItemProductBinding
